Copyedit store plugins list in persistence.rst (#2494)
RDFLib/rdflib: docs/persistence.rst

More store implementations are available in RDFLib extension projects: 

 * `rdflib-sqlalchemy <https://github.com/RDFLib/rdflib-sqlalchemy>`_ – a store which supports a wide-variety of RDBMS backends, 

>  * `rdflib-leveldb <https://github.com/RDFLib/rdflib-leveldb>`_ – a store onto Google's `LevelDB <https://code.google.com/p/leveldb/>`_ key-value store. 

Reviewer: I think it is clear with `on top of`

```suggestion
 * `rdflib-leveldb <https://github.com/RDFLib/rdflib-leveldb>`_ – a store on top of Google's `LevelDB <https://code.google.com/p/leveldb/>`_ key-value store. 
```

>  * `rdflib-kyotocabinet <https://github.com/RDFLib/rdflib-kyotocabinet>`_ – a store onto the `Kyoto Cabinet <http://fallabs.com/kyotocabinet/>`_ key-value store. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * `rdflib-kyotocabinet <https://github.com/RDFLib/rdflib-kyotocabinet>`_ – a store on top of the `Kyoto Cabinet <http://fallabs.com/kyotocabinet/>`_ key-value store. 
```
